Update Jest README.md (#2248)
wix/stylable: packages/jest/README.md

};
```

### Ignore Stylable files from exsiting css integrations

> To disable exsiting css integration affecting Stylable files ignore '.st.css' from the exsiting integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent existing CSS integrations from affecting Stylable files, ignore '.st.css' in the integration configurations.
```
